Ideally for the solution to this exercise,
I'd like to see you write something like this,
that Swift Tech is searching for a GRC analyst.
This individual will be expected to partner with various stakeholders,
such as business leaders in
IT resources to align security strategy with business strategy.
That successful candidate will also be
involved in the development of policies, procedures,
and training measures to assist the organization in reducing
risk and to support the development of a secure organization.
All governance tasks.
The individual should also be able to deliver
communication effectively to various constituencies,
whether through the development of Polish training deliverables,
or reports to operational security stakeholders
as they relate to the outcomes from security control testing.
All of these items are vital for the security governance professional.